Add note about trim_tolerance to the documentation (#314)
EducationalTestingService/rsmtool: doc/pipeline.rst

This approach represents a compromise: it provides scores that are real-valued and, therefore, provide more information than human scores that are likely to be integer-valued. However, it also ensures that the scores fall within the expected scale.

.. note::

> 	In RSMTool v6.x and earlier default ``tolerance`` was set to 0.49998. The ``raw_trim`` values computed by RSMTool for outlier scores starting with v7.0 will be *different* from those computed by earlier versions. You can use the new :ref:`trim_tolerance<trim_tolerance_rsmtool>` field in the configuration file to reproduce old results. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	In RSMTool v6.x and earlier, the default value for ``tolerance`` was 0.49998 (note the extra "9"). Therefore, the ``raw_trim`` values computed for outliers by RSMTool v7.0 and onwards will be *different* from those computed by previous versions. If you wish to replicate results obtained with older versions, set the new :ref:`trim_tolerance<trim_tolerance_rsmtool>` field in the experiment configuration file to 0.49998. 
```
